68 subscribe to platform events fix (#69)
elasticio/salesforce-component-v2: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.7.1 (September 21, 2023)
* Improvements in `Subscribe to platform events` trigger:
  * Added retry on connections lost

>   * All new logs and messages will be provided in last execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed a bug where new logs would appear in the first execution regardless of which message they belonged to. Now, all messages will be displayed in their appropriate execution
```

>   * Fixed a bug where new logs would appear in the first execution regardless of which message they belonged to. Now, all messages will be displayed in their appropriate execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Changed the behavior where new logs would appear in the first execution regardless of which message they belonged to. Now, all messages will be displayed in their appropriate execution
```
